# Fake News Detection with Aggressive Passive ClassifierIn this part of Fake |News Dtection project we will predict fake news with Passive Aggressive Classifier model. Before going ahead in this project, get aware of thesome Machine Learning terminologies related to it like fake news,tfidfvectorizer, PassiveAggressive Classifier.## TfidfVectorizer###TF (Term Frequency):The number of times a word appears in a document is its Term Frequency.###IDF (Inverse Document Frequency):Words that occur many times a document, but also occur many timesin many others, may be irrelevant. IDF is a measure of howsignificant a term is in the entire corpus.The TfidfVectorizer converts a collection of raw documents into a matrixof TF-IDF features.## PassiveAggressiveClassifierPassive Aggressive algorithms are online learning algorithms. Such analgorithm remains passive for a correct classification outcome,and turns aggressive in the event of a miscalculation, updatingand adjusting. Unlike most other algorithms, it does not converge.Its purpose is to make updates that correct the loss, causing verylittle change in the norm of the weight vector.Passive: If the prediction is correct, keep the model and do not make any changes.Aggressive: If the prediction is incorrect, make changes to the model.## The DatasetThe dataset we’ll use for this python project- we’ll call it news.csv.This dataset has a shape of 7796×4. The first column identifies the news,the second and third are the title and text, and the fourth column haslabels denoting whether the news is REAL or FAKE. The dataset takes up29.2MB of space and you canthe data will be in project file.## RequirementsYou’ll need to install the following libraries with pip:numpy    : pip3 install numpypandas   : pip3 install pandassk-learn : pip3 install sklearnNote: I use Spyder for developing ML project but If you are beginner use Jupyteror you can use what you are comfortable on that.#How to run:After you installed or cloned repostory in coand line come this directory and run "Python3 fake_news_detection_PAC.py"sources:https://www.geeksforgeeks.orghttps://scikit-learn.orghttps://data-flair.training